feat: MTLS support for the InfluxDB Python client (#509)
influxdata/influxdb-client-python: README.rst

- ``timeout`` - socket timeout in ms (default value is 10000)
- ``verify_ssl`` - set this to false to skip verifying SSL certificate when calling API from https server
- ``ssl_ca_cert`` - set this to customize the certificate file to verify the peer

> - ``cert_file`` - set this to customize the certificate client certificate file
> - ``key_file`` - set this to customize the certificate client key file
> - ``key_password`` - set this to customize the certificate client key file password

Reviewer: Please clarify docs and rename options:

```suggestion
- ``cert_file`` - path to the certificate that will be used for mTLS authentication
- ``cert_key_file`` - path to the file contains private key for mTLS certificate
- ``cert_key_password`` - string or function which returns password for decrypting the mTLS private key
```

- ``INFLUXDB_V2_TIMEOUT`` - socket timeout in ms (default value is 10000)
- ``INFLUXDB_V2_VERIFY_SSL`` - set this to false to skip verifying SSL certificate when calling API from https server
- ``INFLUXDB_V2_SSL_CA_CERT`` - set this to customize the certificate file to verify the peer

> - ``INFLUXDB_V2_CERT_FILE`` - set this to customize the certificate client certificate file
> - ``INFLUXDB_V2_KEY_FILE`` - set this to customize the certificate client key file
> - ``INFLUXDB_V2_KEY_PASSWORD`` - set this to customize the certificate client key file password

Reviewer: Please clarify docs and rename options:

```suggestion
- ``INFLUXDB_V2_CERT_FILE`` - path to the certificate that will be used for mTLS authentication
- ``INFLUXDB_V2_CERT_KEY_FILE`` - path to the file contains private key for mTLS certificate
- ``INFLUXDB_V2_CERT_KEY_PASSWORD`` - string or function which returns password for decrypting the mTLS private key
```
